Bitcoin value is the value added by Bitcoin which is the value added by those
accept Bitcoin as the standard currency. Which is either through imporved
efficiency or increased population of people accepting Bitcoin. It is enough to
show that there is no need to switch to another currency once adopting Bitcoin
as standard which comes back to the point that how the alternative would look
like. If Bitcoin is scarecity, then the alternative is lack of scarecity which
essentially means concentration of wealth and so power in the hands of a few,
the one have control over the currency printer. They put their own interest on
top which is keeping the existing system at the center of their decisions. The
value of printed currency is as much as Bitcoin needs it which of course grows
as long as Bitcoin grows until Bitcoin starts replacing printed currency with
Bitcoin for incoming transactions, for purchases which grows as long as Bitcoin
gets more adopted. Less printed currency needed, more they are going to take it
from your pocket and spend it on what they think is right and when you need
more printed currency they kick you out from the system to match the need to
what exists on the market so what they have produced by printer is not what you
needed apparently. This is because you have not spent what has been taken out
from your pocket once they got the printer working so what is produced does not
match that one way or another, if there is anything produced.

If you accept printed currency, as a simple rule, you should value what the
printer values and devalue what the printer devalues, that is simple. You
should be the printer and you can stop this when you want to with no waiting
time since that is your decision, an independent one. This article shows why
there is no need to come back to the printer after switching which is why
Bitcoin can only grow by time and advocating the success stories.

Bitcoin is 21M coins, so it is definitely scarce even more than how Gold and
Silver are. if Bitcoin is scarce, the sum of two scarce is also scarce. So a
basket of Gold and Silver and Bitcoin must be scarce. But the difference is
that scarecity of Bitcoin is proveable. Not only because it is contracted but
also since it does not need bank deposit of the metal to make transactions, so
no bank can lend the coin multiple times to make multiple owner for the same
thing. Bitcoin can not have a copy as the second one should argue against the
first one which is an argument against itself too so it can never catch up
Bitcoin. So we can safely ignore the rest of scarecity implementations and just
look at Bitcoin.

Satoshi is anyone which has adopted Bitcoin as the standard currency. Satoshi
asks Bitcoin in exchange of performing work. So anyone can be Satoshi. As
anything with demand has price, Bitcoin has a price higher than zero as long as
Satoshi works and keeps Bitcoin as standard more precisely as long as Satoshi
does not need to change to any other currency and standard. For the same reason
it is not in benefit of Satoshi to totally stop working disregarding how much
is held in reserve. Unless satoshi wants to consume the coins by releasing it
to the market, the coin has always tendency to increase value as the supply is
always limited and decreased by time as Satoshi just collects it back by
performing work which increasingly presses the supply and at same time reduces
the supply as Bitcoin does not have printer.

The value of Bitcoin is increasing due to shortage of supply and shortage of
those that need to convert from Bitcoin as standard to something else. This is
true even if no new adopter takes Bitcoin as standard or even if some leave it
by releasing the reserves into the market. Bitcoin's clock can move back in
time but does not stop ticking! As stopping time for Bitcoin is only possible
by taking it to zero by infinite supply of Bitcoin which is by design
impossible. Those hold Bitcoin as standard just aborb all that and the price
comes back to the same levels soon after which more stability as reserves are
in the hands of Satoshi again.

As the coin conversion rate depends on many factors, like how much Satoshi can
work, how much others are willing to pay to Satoshi, how much people accept
bitcoin as the standard and such, the rate which the coin converts to other
currencies has up and down. Each time it goes down, puts more coins in the
hands of Satoshi and makes everything more robust in the way back. More
investment into Satoshi's business so it can grow to generate more valuable
work which then generates more demand to Bitcoin which translates to higher
prices. Bitcoin up and downs just makes Satoshi stronger and transfers wealth
to the wealth to Satoshi, produces more valuable work, encourage Satoshi to
perform more work to make the circulating coins even more scarce.

Satoshi does not need to release coins as release is consumption. Satoshi does
not need to consume coins if that is not needed. In the eye of Satoshi, It is
only the need which drives consumption not wealth neither the printer. This is
why everything gradually becomes abandon for Satoshi.

As we can see, the only factor determining how much coin Satoshi can earn is
time, efficiency and more work! The system works in a way which the exchange
rate of the coin increases in time over any other non scarce and virtually
scarce thing, the way the coin is spent becomes more smart in time, efficiency
of work gets increased in time and innovation comes at highest demand to reduce
the consumption rate of the coins which makes things abandon for Satoshi and a
hell for non-satoshis which even makes it more attractive for others to adopt
the coin as the currency. But that is just a by product which probably
speculators are interested to and Satoshi just ignores all that and lives
normally with all that properties.

All that comes from a property which is scarecity of the money and scarecity of
those that need to convert from Bitcoin as standard to something else. So
Satoshi has shown us a way to determine your own destiny, You can choose to be
Satoshi from anytime you want as soon as you adopt Bitcoin as standard.

"If Bitcoin is store of value, how the market size of Bitcoin can shrink in
size? Where is the value saved then?" All the values could be taken out if that
is structured or waited enough due to the fact that Satoshi performs infinite
amount of work and does not need to change from Bitcoin as standard currency to
another currency. Any fluctuations in Bitcoin price is in Benefit of Satoshi as
it either earns more which then time ticks faster for Satoshi or just makes
things even more robust and brings more saving into Satoshi's activities when
time starts to tick slower which help Satoshi to produce more valuable work to
get the tick go faster again.

The printer is in a fall into a singularity, But Satoshi just reaches the
singularity before the printer falls and before the printer observes any
passing into the horizon. Higher input rate into Bitcoin slower time ticks for
Satoshi from the printer standpoint also time stops ticking for Satoshi
according to the printer. Once Satoshi passes the event horizon, there is no
way back. It is one way since it can not be wiped out from inside and there is
no force to stop it from outside.

It is impossible to wipe out the singularity from outside even if all the coins
saved are injected in a day into the market, all that will be absorbed by
Satoshi, after falling into the horizon, and the price comes back to a level
way higher than before shortly after, this is because Satoshi does not need to
consume coins unless needed so the price could be anything similar to what it
was before plus a premium added by time. Stonger the singularity more
attractive becomes for outsiders and faster they fall into. Another way is to
short Bitcoin with a derivative which sells lower than market price which
pushes savers to sell today and buy later. This requires infinite amount of
coins sold as any stop in selling pushes prices back to normal which means the
main dealer needs to buy back them later which no one else can sell or wants to
sell to the same level. This pushes Bitcoin price from a number which is not
zero to the moon even higher than before when the main seller pivots. All paths
returns to Bitcoin.

The rule of being Satoshi is simple. Only accept Bitcoin to perform work and
consume what you need not what others say you need. Everything will be always
abondon for Satoshi to produce more valuable work and to grow forever.

Become Satoshi from now by saying no to printed value.
