The story starts from where I can put some pieces of hardware to make a
computer for myself.  A processor which can run a set of instruction to apply
some functions on an input data stored in memory.  That program can run again
and again no new input to improve the result.  And my friends and family ask me
to setup the same for them since working with computer makes things far more
efficient.

I get into problems to scale my work:
1- shoertage of access to hardware
2- changes in hardware interfaces and incompatiblities
3- Many documents need to be verified to make sure things are working properly
4- And the software is made by many including some which is built by me and
need to work on my machine

I make an architecture and protocols to address all these in a way that I can
let others have this computer and use programs without going into things which
could be addressed once for all. This is activity requires time and resources
so need to be financed and paid. I sell the computer and everything in it to
others and they can just turn it one and work with it. I‌ need small
screen, slightly larger one, a portable version, a big one to put on my desk
and the same things in different situations.

But if that is that simple, then we should have one company doing this in a way
that all can depend on. If I can buy such a computer, if that is accessible
everywhere, if there is going to be accessible forever and such, there is no
need to have many companies producing the same thing. But there is many and one
of them is Apple! So there is some issue somewhere let's wait before blaming
someone for this. For example, Apple must follow US export regulations then the
state can restrcit Apple to do what same as the way Apple's board can restrict
being working on some region. So Apple is not fully owned by the investors it
is also owned by the USA's nation. So it is connected to policits. So it
can not be used everywhere, it can not be bought by all either.

Making another apple does not solve the problem. For example making one
independent in China! Or in another place. But wait what was the issue we tried
to solve in the beginning? I have a bunch of hardwares which they are not
compatible, a bunch of programs which are written by others, many documents,
and all these are changing and has to reliably work with eachother. Well, the
problem is still there so it is shifted to someone else. The problem is shifted
from me to the producer side. I chosoe Apple and just do not care the
rest. If I can not use it, I just move and live somewhere which I can use it.
This makes that product even more useful in a specific region and not others.

In the world that we are living, companies is "our" company not others. So I do
not blame Apple that does not work in some regions, they can not. And I do not
blame them but not making their product open source either, since I do not give
the source code unless I want to have someone work for me. And those want to
get what I build for myself can buy a copy from me! I know how things better
work for me so you as a company need to adopt yourself to me.

The solution is not to leave Apple, since then we should use something even
worse. I can make it better working for me.  The solution is not Android
either! Google can stop sharing important pieces, can stop sharing alltogether.
Google is receiving code from other companies which is why the source code is
open and it is not a free software either since they want to keep some rights
reserved to be able to control. They solve no problem from me and add even more
in a more complicated way, they expsoe me to even more counter party risk.
Their product is not cheap, I am just their product!

The number one rule is to pay for what you receive and If I could keep things
in my control, for my own by paying it (by spending time and energy), why you
do not pay me to keep things also in your control like I do?

I am not asking Apple to give me source code of their stuff! Actually I pay
them to work for me not have me work for them! I have already a job! I have
given job to Apple actually. But then the issue is shifted to me in the
production side. If I want to produce a software, I have to make it working
with many of those companies, It need to support a few operating systems,
working with a few browsers, working with different device types and sizes,
and working with different payment network, different languages and such.

The next big thing is to be the Apple for the production side. In that case you
do not need to give the source code either! For example a SaaS service can be a
CDN or a Database service. Big companies can still share code to make sure they
are building on the common standard rather than have to apply the standard
later which is even more expensive. Otherwise they do not have to share code.

So I am a producer need to build something, and need to service in totally
different enviornments, platforms. The next step is not to make another Google
cloud or another AWS cloud! It is to enable consumers to work with many of
those. It is to keep them in control of me as a producer. We do not want to
become another Google cloud or AWS beside them so we should drop the right to
be in control of things. We should be adopted because we are good and we should
take the possibility of control from the organization we work for too. Since
they shouldn't have their name on the product either.

We do not want to change the license, and it is not needed for further
improvement! Why should we keep talking about it by making it possible?
What is the license would be if we change it?

Well I do not have to take it if it does not work for me! Then you should keep
it outside.
